welcome back guys today we're taking a
look at 2011 horror film the human
centipede 3. the film begins by showing
the ending scenes of the human centipede
2. the camera shows us a warden in his
accountant watching the ending credits
on tv the warden by the name tag of
william boss puts out a cigar and calls
the movies complete trash he then lashes
out on a secretary who's cutting his
nails boss scolds her in a sadistic
manner and sends her out just then he
receives a call about code 6 and block
4. the scenario now shows a prison in a
wide open desert where boss and his
accountant walk through the halls to
block four while all the prisoners stand
on the edges of their cells they proceed
to the inner cells where a prisoner
teases boss by calling him a nazi
moreover the tattooed prisoner threatens
to rape him till death boss notices his
number as prisoner 297 and remarks that
he'll be dealt with later on their way
out they come across a bloodied
policeman and it's known that prisoner
178 did this
in his pure anguish boss walks over to
the restrained burly prisoner and uses
his ruthlessness to break his elbow in a
vicious manner the guy starts howling in
pain while boss walks away in sheer
satisfaction meanwhile his accountant
keeps on blabbering about rising medical
expenses due to his never-ending torture
back in the hall boss stops in the
middle and starts shooting his revolver
like a maniac until he drops to the
floor demanding respect from everyone
meanwhile the prisoners all around him
mock him and his methods the scene then
shifts to his office where boss wraps a
sigmo manometer around his wrist while
his accountant checks on the pretty
looking secretary she sheds tears in her
room while a box gets delivered for mr
boss she gets annoyed by the creepy
accountant staring at her and closes the
door on him while boss gets enraged due
to the high blood pressure of 160-120
in the meantime the accountant dwight
butler presents the dvds of the human
centipede films as a solution but boss
doesn't give him an ear and scolds him
afterwards he drinks whiskey and
presents the idea of bringing back
medieval torture methods but dwight
simply denies them boss keeps on
fantasizing the horrific torment when
suddenly the secretary comes in with the
delivery boss sends her out immediately
but her whooping beauty catches his eye
and he calls her back she's handsome the
package and leaves boss opens it with
enthusiasm and brings out a jar in the
jar he takes out dried clitorises and
chews them while stating that they're
for unbelievable strength
at that moment he receives a threatening
call from the prisoners and boss starts
to freak out he loses himself like a
lunatic under pressure and starts
stating they're coming for him he closes
the door and hides underneath his table
while being scared to death in the
meantime dwight calls the guard and it's
revealed that the prisoner just pranked
boss
just then the secretary barges in
stating boss's appointment for the
medieval survey with dr jones with him
lashing out in pure anguish
the scene then shifts to the hospital
ward where prisoners are under medical
care while in his cabin boss forces the
doctor to give the statement that he is
in perfect health despite being under
hypertension frightened to the bone the
doctor affirms later the camera pans to
a cell where the pranking prisoner is
strapped to a wooden table boss walks
around him and menacingly threatens the
guy in the meantime police officers
arrive with buckets of water but boss
angrily sends them back to bring boiling
water just then the secretary named
daisy walks in and states that governor
hughes will be here in 20 minutes boss
cat calls him and proceeds to molest
daisy while advising her to let him
touch her so that the governor can be
sued for sexual harassment after she
leaves the policemen arrive with the
boiling water and boss starts the
torment he puts a towel over the
prisoner's face while pouring the
boiling water over him mercilessly the
guy shrieks in agony while boss chants
the nazi slogans after the torture he
takes off the sticky cloth underneath
and the blistered burned skin of the
prisoner is visible on the other hand
governor hughes arrives at the prison
and walks in the warden's office as he
sits on the seat boss swallows his pride
and fury and offers the governor some
dominican cigars but he rejects it boss
taunts him but the governor simply
smiles in return and blames them for
damaging his election year furthermore
he demands a valuable change otherwise
both boss and his accountant will be
fired with that he leaves and boss
shrieks and fury and expiration behind
him his assistants try to calm him down
but his blood pressure peaks under the
frustration he admonishingly offers to
castrate his prisoners and orders dwight
to take them all outside in the
scorching 120 degrees heat once out boss
emerges over the guard tower with a loud
speaker but the prisoners start
clamoring as boss announces the
horrifying castration penalty the
commotion dies out and he announces the
first candidate will be tattooed
prisoner 297 as he gets taken to the
special cell boss torches a knife to
make it red-hot he hysterically
approaches the prisoner who seems
unfazed boss starts laughing manically
and the prisoner is planted across the
wall as the policemen hold him from
struggling boss mercilessly slashes his
ball sack and cuts out the testicles
which makes the prisoner go limp under
the excruciating pain the freak then
fondles them in his hands like a happy
child and hands them over to dwight to
get them roasted for his lunch
afterwards the sadistic warden covers
his face with the prisoner's blood and
cherishes the moment later he pleasures
himself with daisy between his legs
dwight gets angry while boss reaches the
climax and orders the girl to swallow
everything she refuses but boss reminds
her of the favor he gave her father by
releasing him from the prison with that
she follows the filthy order and takes a
bite out of the salted clitorises
afterwards she leaves and in comes the
policeman with roasted balls for boss's
dinner the swine savors the food with
extreme delight while dwight almost
throws up
in the meantime boss locates the human
symptom dvds on his desk and lashes out
on dwight once again suddenly he
receives a call that prisoner 297 has
awakened boss happily runs to the
medical ward where he taunts the burned
prisoner and proceeds to break prisoner
178's fingers as well afterwards he
advances towards prisoner 297 while dr
jones states that he owes boss big time
for letting him work here without his
license
on the other hand boss wakes the
prisoner up but the guy lashes out at
him and threatens him once again dwight
remarks that he knew crastation wouldn't
work and that enrages boss to the extent
where he begins to strangle the prisoner
ultimately the guy gives up on his
breath and the doctors rush in to
resuscitate him
after a few attempts his heartbeat
resumes but boss repeats the same
torment but this time lets him go before
he dies as he leaves in a daze dwight
discusses the human centipede with dr
jones
the scene now shifts to the office where
boss walks in completely drunk he sits
in the chair and limits over the
uselessness of castration that makes
dwight burst out in frustration and he
shouts about the effectiveness of the
human centipede no financial issues no
fights no more disrespect but the boss
doesn't listen to him and states that he
has no time for that dwight tries to
prove his argument and states that the
director tom 6 will be here but boss
bellows in fury and fires dwight after
their heated argument dwight leaves the
office before handing daisy a
handkerchief for her tears
in the meantime boss starts abusing
dwight and walks around madly like a
drunkard afterwards he goes to the guard
tower and abuses every prisoner racially
and in every sense possible
later he walks to the cafeteria and
finishes his whiskey bottle suddenly out
of nowhere prisoners start surrounding
him as the inmates approach him
threateningly he whines for mercy by
stating his medical illness
unfortunately no one listens to him and
prisoner 297 stabs a blade in his kidney
until boss starts bleeding out
afterwards he proceeds to penetrate and
rape him monstrously while the rest
chant death rape as the pain exceeds the
prisoner finishes inside him boss
suddenly wakes up with a jolt and finds
him safe and sound in his office
after getting a sigh of relief he stands
up and receives a call stating that tom
six is on the gate boss orders to let
him inside
meanwhile dwight also returns and tom
enters daisy's office who asks for an
autograph after the introduction he
proceeds to the warden's office where dr
jones joins them as well the discussion
starts and dwight presents an
illustration of the human centipede the
talk progresses and tom confirms that
the process is 100 medically accurate
and possible the group then concludes
that this phenomenon will be executed
and boss stands up in triumph imagining
the glory and fame behind it he
immediately puts tom in charge of the
operation and asks to get into action
right away
in the meantime another idea pops into
boss's mind to show the prisoners of the
film beforehand dwight goes against the
opinion but boss stays adamant the
results prove disastrous as the
prisoners get exasperated with filthy
and violent related films furthermore
fuel is added to the fire as boss
dictates that the same process will be
experimented on them that enrages the
prisoners and all hell breaks loose the
prisoners get out of control and wreak
havoc around the prison boss and dwight
scamper away to their office while the
prisoners follow them upstairs one of
them charges at daisy and hurts her
brutally meanwhile the others start
breaking boss's door due to the sheer
fright and terror boss escapes out the
window and drops dozens of feet down on
the ground while dwight calls for
special forces in the meantime the
prisoners manage to break the door down
but special forces arrive just in the
nick of time and dwight is saved later
he proceeds to look for boss who's
huddled behind a tree with injured legs
dwight states that daisy is badly
injured but boss takes no notice and
shouts at him to bring the medics for
himself the scene now shifts to the
cells where boss shoots every prisoner
with a sedation rifle and has them taken
away for surgical's procedures he dances
around in sheer happiness and menacing
satisfaction and proceeds to read out
the surgical process to everyone in the
medical ward after ending the speech he
analysises the victims and comes to a
patient with crohn's disease which
results in constant diarrhea boss beams
in joy as he states that the tattoo
prisoner will be attached behind the
diseased guy furthermore they proceed to
a victim with stoma as his rectum is
sewn shut he excretes from a hole in his
stomach the prisoner laughs as he'll be
no use to him but boss thrusts his
revolver in his wound and kills him with
a burst the internal filth is thrown
everywhere just then another prisoner is
brought forward who is also killed by
boss after the carnage dwight requests
to go see daisy
the scene now shifts to daisy's bed
who's in a coma with a brutalized face
the vicious barbarian warden gets
aroused and proceeds to have intercourse
with her in her devastated state while
dwight cringes in pain and sorrow
after a while the camera pans back to
the warden's office where boss and
dwight start to mimic governor hughes in
the meantime he receives a call about
tom's arrival and the scene then shows
us the three of them roaming the prison
cells they approach a prisoner who's
already eating his own [ __ ] tom throws
up while boss shoots the prisoner as
he'll feel no trouble being part of the
centipede the group now proceeds to the
surgical ward where boss observes the
stitching process in amazement as the
prisoner's lips get attached the anus
boss starts dancing in triumph and
victory the group then moves on to a
section where the amputations are being
carried out tom throws up again on the
ugly site while boss cheers dwight is
horrendously astounded at the process
but boss simply drags him away
on the other hand governor hughes
arrives at the prison and enters the
office to find both of them utterly
pleased with themselves he orders the
release from duty but boss states they
found the solution to the problem and
they escort him outside in the scorching
heat where he loses his mind upon seeing
a gigantic human centipede made out of
all the prisoners
dwight explains the benefits and the
savings of millions of dollars while the
governor watches everything in horror
just then we witness that daisy is also
a part of the centipede but boss takes
no notice and takes the governor away to
another horrific site where they come to
see a human caterpillar compromising the
prisoners with life and death sentences
horrifically all of them had their limbs
amputated the tour goes on as boss takes
him to the ward to meet a prisoner whose
sentence just ended he was detached from
the centipede with only a few marks on
the lips as he's now free boss sends him
away
unfortunately instead of embracing their
idea the governor scolds them for being
inhumane and leaves the facility stating
it'll be the death penalty for them boss
suddenly loses all his morale while
dwight apologizes and starts crying boss
proceeds to commit suicide but dr jones
arrives just in time beaming with
excitement boss shoots him right away
and kills him on the spot on the other
hand the governor reconsiders the whole
situation and returns back just when
boss is about to shoot dwight in the
head the governor suddenly walks in and
approves their idea stating it's the
best solution for dropping the crime
rate and it might even get him elected
as president the flurries of joy runs
through their bodies as dwight claims
that it was his brilliant idea and
proceeds to hug boss and merriment boss
agrees but the sadistic warden shoots
his accountant in the head and puts an
end to his life in the final moments of
the film we see the human centipede
sprawled across the yard while william
boss stands at the post screaming
shouting like a madman and with that
everything fades out
thanks for watching guys